[DOCS-5536] Updates to Custom Code Vulnerability for beta (#18267)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/enabling/java.md

{{< img src="/security/application_security/appsec-getstarted-threat-and-vuln.mp4" alt="Video showing Signals explorer and details, and Vulnerabilities explorer and details." video="true" >}}

## Enabling custom code vulnerability detection

> If your service is running a [tracing library version that supports Vulnerability Management for Custom Code Vulnerability Detection][3], enable it by setting the `DD_IAST_ENABLED=true` environment variable and restart your service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your service runs a [tracing library version that supports Vulnerability Management for Custom Code Vulnerability Detection][3], enable the capability by setting the `DD_IAST_ENABLED=true` environment variable and restarting your service.
```

To leveraging custom code vulnerability detection capabilities for your service:

1. [Update your Datadog Agent][6] to at least version 7.41.1.
2. Update your tracing library to at least the minimum version needed to turn on custom code vulnerability detection. For details, see [ASM capabilities support][3].
3. Add the `DD_IAST_ENABLED=true` environment variable to your application configuration.

From the command line:

>  ```shell

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
   From the command line:

   ```shell
~~~

   java -javaagent:/path/to/dd-java-agent.jar -Ddd.iast.enabled=true -Ddd.service=<MY SERVICE> -Ddd.env=<MY_ENV> -jar path/to/app.jar
   ```

> Or one of the following methods, depending on where your application runs:
> 
> **Note**: Read-only file systems are not supported. The application must have access to a writable `/tmp` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Or one of the following methods, depending on where your application runs:

   **Note**: Read-only file systems are not supported. The application must have access to a writable `/tmp` directory.
```

> **Note**: Read-only file systems are not currently supported. The application must have access to a writable `/tmp` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Read-only file systems are not supported. The application must have access to a writable `/tmp` directory.
```

   {{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker CLI" %}}

Update your configuration container for APM by adding the following argument in your `docker run` command:

```shell
docker run [...] -e DD_IAST_ENABLED=true [...]
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Dockerfile" %}}

Add the following environment variable value to your container Dockerfile:

```Dockerfile
DD_IAST_ENABLED=true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

Update your deployment configuration file for APM and add the IAST environment variable:

```yaml
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: <CONTAINER_NAME>
          image: <CONTAINER_IMAGE>/<TAG>
          env:
            - name: DD_IAST_ENABLED
              value: "true"
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS ECS" %}}

Update your ECS task definition JSON file, by adding this in the environment section:

```json
"environment": [
  ...,
  {
    "name": "DD_IAST_ENABLED",
    "value": "true"
  }
]
```

{{% /tab %}}

   {{< /tabs >}}

4. Restart your service.

> 5. To see Application Vulnerability Management for custom code vulnerabilities in action, browse your service and the custom code vulnerabilities will appear in the [Vulnerability Explorer][4]. The `SOURCE` column shows the Custom Code value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To see Application Vulnerability Management for custom code vulnerabilities in action, browse your service and the custom code vulnerabilities appear in the [Vulnerability Explorer][4]. The `SOURCE` column shows the Custom Code value.
```
